feat(xo-vmdk-to-vhd): overprovision vmdk size to generate ova in one pass (#6487)
vatesfr/xen-orchestra: CHANGELOG.unreleased.md

> Users must be able to say: “Nice enhancement, I'm eager to test it”

> - [Ova export] speed up ova generation by 2. Generated file will be bigger ( as big as non compressed xva) (PR [#6487](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/6487))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [OVA export] Speed up OVA generation by 2. Generated file will be bigger (as big as uncompressed XVA) (PR [#6487](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/6487))
```
